Include App Secret on Get Token and Refresh Token (#42724)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/active-directory-b2c-reference-oauth-code.md

|{tenant}| Required | Name of your Azure AD B2C tenant|
|{policy}| Required| The user flow that was used to acquire the authorization code. You cannot use a different user flow in this request. |
| client_id |Required |The application ID assigned to your app in the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com).|

> | client_secret | Yes, in Web Apps | The application secret that was generated in the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/). Client secrets are used in this flow for Web App scenarios, where the client can securely store a client secret. For Native App (public client) scenarios, client secrets cannot be securely stored, threfore not used on this call. If using a client secret, please change it on a periodic basis. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| client_secret | Yes, in Web Apps | The application secret that was generated in the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/). Client secrets are used in this flow for Web App scenarios, where the client can securely store a client secret. For Native App (public client) scenarios, client secrets cannot be securely stored, and therefore are not used in this call. If you use a client secret, please change it on a periodic basis. |
```

|{tenant}| Required | Name of your Azure AD B2C tenant|
|{policy} |Required |The user flow that was used to acquire the original refresh token. You cannot use a different user flow in this request. |
| client_id |Required |The application ID assigned to your app in the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com). |

> | client_secret | Yes, in Web Apps | The application secret that was generated in the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/). Client secrets are used in this flow for Web App scenarios, where the client can securely store a client secret. For Native App (public client) scenarios, client secrets cannot be securely stored, threfore not used on this call. If using a client secret, please change it on a periodic basis. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| client_secret | Yes, in Web Apps | The application secret that was generated in the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/). Client secrets are used in this flow for Web App scenarios, where the client can securely store a client secret. For Native App (public client) scenarios, client secrets cannot be securely stored, and therefore are not used in this call. If you use a client secret, please change it on a periodic basis. |
```
